[DO NOT MERGE] Update visa page (#529)
EuroPython/website: src/content/pages/visa.mdx

## Requirements

> If you want to attend EuroPython 2024 in Prague, the Czech Republic, you should first verify whether you need a visa to enter the Czech Republic, and apply for one. We recommend to apply **as soon as possible** if you do. Note, that last year people not having applied early for a visa, had issues due to delays and high demand.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to attend EuroPython 2024 in Prague, the Czech Republic, you should first verify whether you need a visa to enter the Czech Republic, and apply for one **as soon as possible** if you do.  It's also advisable to **secure a visa appointment well in advance of your planned application date** due to high demand and potential delays some people encountered last year.
```

Every registered attendee is welcome to request a visa support letter issued by the EuroPython Society, should you need one for your visa application. Once ticket sales open, we will open a form for you to request the support letter. Stay tuned!

> Simply fill in the form **1 week before your planned visa application.**:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Simply fill in the form **1 week before your planned visa application**:
```
